Hello, I'm Pyongcholium.
Welcome to Iron Sharpen's Iron.
Have you ever had this experience?
You share the truth with someone and you can see that it touches their heart.
It's the best feeling isn't it?
And it makes you want to take the initiative to offer them a Bible study.
After all, we love God and people.
But at times we may hesitate to offer a study.
We might worry about something pushy or being rejected.
So what can we do to effectively offer a Bible study?
Hi, you're out for exercise again today.
You're really diligent.
I've got to do at least this much to stay healthy.
But hey, look at this news.
I said so a few months ago, didn't I?
Why is the world such a mess?
True, but don't you think the world will get better someday?
What do you think?
Can the world's problems be solved by people's efforts?
If anything, it'll get worse.
What can people do?
Well, if people are powerless, do you think there's another way?
Another way?
Hmm, doesn't seem likely.
Our brother did an excellent job.
He showed personal interest, was a good listener, and asked appropriate questions.
But can you guess what he did next?
He offered a brief, silent prayer to Jehovah for help.
When offering a Bible study, prayer is the first step.
Even if the fear of rejection makes you hesitate,
if you pray for courage as Philippians 2.13 tells us to do,
Jehovah will give you both the desire and the power to act,
and will bless your efforts.
So even if you feel hesitant to speak up, don't give up.
Pause, pray, and turn your thoughts into actions.
Actually, the Bible tells us about the solution.
Here, let me show you.
Under God's Kingdom, peaceful abound.
God's Kingdom.
Sounds like a possible solution.
But now, I've got a lot of questions.
Right.
I had a lot of questions, too.
But I found the answers by studying the Bible.
It's the best way, really.
Studying the Bible?
Yes.
Some people might think a Bible study involves attending classes
with many others or taking exams.
How can we avoid this misunderstanding?
This is the second step.
Demonstrate how a Bible study is conducted.
Showing them this video from the Teaching Toolbox in JW Library,
not only answers frequently asked questions about Bible studies,
but is also one of the best ways to help them want to study the Bible.
You also studied the Bible like this?
Yes.
I really enjoyed studying the Bible.
Video said the future becomes brighter if you study the Bible.
So how does it become brighter?
Like this.
Enjoy life forever.
You can watch the video together and then show them the back cover
of the enjoy life forever brochure.
If they respond positively, you can build their anticipation
by moving on to the third step.
This involves finding out what they are interested in.
To do this, show them page 15 of the brochure
and ask them to choose a topic that interests them.
This one.
How to find real peace?
Yes, peace is really important.
Then how about we explore this topic together for our first Bible study?
Sounds good.
What time works for you?
The brother did an excellent job of starting a Bible study.
So let us review.
To offer a Bible study, there are three steps.
The first is prayer.
You might feel hesitant about offering a Bible study,
but Jehovah can give you both the desire and the power to do so.
The second is to demonstrate how a Bible study is conducted.
We have effective tools that help us to do this.
For example, you can use the what happens at a Bible study video
and the enjoy life forever brochure.
The third is to find out the other person's interests.
Use page 15 of the brochure to find out which topics interest them.
But remember, the more important than any method or technique
is showing genuine love for God and people, just as Jesus did.
This will no doubt help you to achieve your goal of making disciples.
After what we've explored together today,
I feel motivated to go out and start a Bible study.
I hope you also feel the same way.